Hello, I'm Anna and this is mine
Channel did not think that you could be
I thought it was pretty warm so
channel on youtube started that one
small intro intro video makes me
personally may be nice if that one
youtuber has done so and you almost
first learn a bit what is
that actually a human and yes what has
the ford has its channel but i have
Pay attention to how difficult that is
to turn such a line I do not know
that we represent ourselves now I know
now how many times how many do I paint
I do not know how many times I do not know
I already started this video
to kick it or it is already at the end
kicked repeatedly and thought now must
you still cut and then from the computer
sat thought never ever will that are so
hard to turn from intro video was one
not at all with the situation
is familiar to sit in front of the camera
all in a room in front of the camera too
Do not sit and look in the lens
in the picture exhibition I did that
but you can easily do that if you can
almost in the corner of your eye what does that look like
there's a look I'm not
in other words, this info has videos
Turned 100,000 times and
now makes it concluded get if I
again nocaj before so talk that way
this club in a video channel
become
I would like to be with everyone
employ something related to the topic of make
up have skin whatever turns even
a little bit of fashion, though
I absolutely did not have to admit it
i've learned by now
I learned what I can wear with it
do not look like gollum but I am
not sure which tip to give
So you can come here with me
hofmann canal
I hope I can manage that
you are interested and maybe what
even the one or other help under
shape
if there is anything you have
especially interested in avastin theme
interesting finds or the hairstyle the
like to do something or something
Let's ask comments I know in
which direction you will like to keep
this channel goes and I look there
what I can do everything
before I continue to talk nonsense and
my car sign that already the whole
time does not flash effortfully and
I wish you a nice
I hope you have fun
we will see if you do not mind me
I promise I will disappear again
well I hope you have a nice day
fits well of yourself and see you
in my next video will be and if
I'm fine with that and yes it is
quiet
this is here and me
but I am away am
maybe the reason why video
explain interviews
who advertise
I will be the one